the BMW 5 Series
this is a success story now in its fifth generation
right now is the five millionth of the tape
the whole of the BMW 5 Series sets standards in its class
especially in the face
The new lightweight construction makes them particularly sporty
the entire front is made of aluminum
and now the BMW fives will be even more individual
we had last March 2007
the fives model revision
with a focus on a new Inzell and percent technical
Features like engine and
the Taliban
this model revision was very successful
Traditionally, this will be supplemented with edition at a later date
Spot were missing
the different characteristics of the vehicle
emphasize more
three new editions of the BMW 5 Series windream out the minutes and
thus expanding the spectrum for particularly individual wishes
with the editions we try the character characteristics of the vehicle
to emphasize more strongly
So on the one hand the luxurious world with the edition exclusively
the
Maneuverability and the modern depictions with the heat
Lifestyle or even the dynamics with the Edition Sport
the new model variants coming new exclusive colors and also the
Wheels were modified
striking feature of all new editions the door sills
refined luxury is what the edition stands for exclusively
the extra shine win sedan and touring through the
Chrome strips for the side window surrounds as well as the high-gloss ones
Shadow Line up the window
Another new feature is the 17-inch alloy wheels in the house
Spokes design and with emergency running features
inside picture Les Nappa leather in black or tobacco with clearly
dropped stitching
In addition the noble wood interior afford in bamboo measure anthracite
the BMW 5 Series Lifestyle stands for stylish elegance
lose in Neptune Blue and five more drive
Here are the side window decision edged a steal
noble wood interior afford in Kappel NASA gray and a headliner in
anthracite
against the interior of the Edition Lifestyle
The seats are Smith of a fabric leather combination in gray or black
based
basically, there are the five additions in connection with all
known engines of the 5 Series
that also means all the fuel-efficient technologies that we use
Efficient Dynamics measures are available in conjunction with
to get the editions
Dina Michels drive with reduced fuel consumption and the new ones are available
hiv infections
and through intelligent efficiency, the latest generation of engines is the
fuel-efficient
From now on they will receive the three divisions exclusively Lifestyle and Sport
lose the branch in the fifth round